updates Readme, preview src adoc > loreum ipsum (#18)
lightbend/antora-ui-lightbend-cloud-theme: README.adoc

= Cloudflow Default UI
// Settings:
:experimental:
:hide-uri-scheme:

image:https://travis-ci.com/lightbend/antora-ui-lightbend-cloud-theme.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.com/lightbend/antora-ui-lightbend-cloud-theme"]

This project is a customized Antora UI theme that is used for both the Cloudflow static website https://cloudflow.io/[cloudflow.io] and the Cloudflow open source documentation https://cloudflow.io/docs/current/index.html[cloudflow.io/docs/current/index.html].

With this theme you can edit/update the user interface, page templates and certain static content such as navigation, site footers, CSS stylesheets and JavaScript includes. 

This theme builds upon the Antora Default UI as https://docs.antora.org/antora-ui-default/[documentented here].

> After setting up the https://docs.antora.org/antora-ui-default/prerequisites/[UI Development Prerequisites], you're be ready to make updates and changes to the Cloudflow theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up the https://docs.antora.org/antora-ui-default/prerequisites/[UI Development Prerequisites], you will be ready to make updates and changes to the Cloudflow theme.
```

CD into the root directory and run:

`gulp preview` 

Preview the site homepage at: http://localhost:5252

Preview docs at: http://localhost:5252/docs/preview.html

> *Please note* that the theme contains files in the `src` directory that are rendered on cloudflow.io website and docs. These files are common FrontEnd ones, such as HTML templating using handlebars `.hbs`, CSS, JavaScript and Images. For example if you need to update the site navigation, or the site footer, fix a CSS bug etc, you do so within this `src` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please note* that the theme contains files in the `src` directory that are rendered on the cloudflow.io website and docs. These files are common frontend ones, such as HTML templating using handlebars `.hbs`, CSS, JavaScript and Images. For example if you need to update the site navigation, the site footer, fix a CSS bug etc, you do so within this `src` directory.
```
